This game is set in a solar system inhabited by humans. Which solar system, in what year and what reality, is still unclear.
Asteroids are entering our solar system frequently at this point and generally are a common sight around these parts from the
interplanetary space station.
You are on a space-pod doing extra vehicular work on the space station. The electromagnetic transmitter has stopped working and
you are receiving instructions from your crewmate on how to rectify the problem which occurred (puzzle). Communications have been
cut off and the problem does not show on the computer. Once the problem is solved, you receive information, that an asteroid is on
track with the space station and a pod must be sent to deal with it immediately(look around, radar scan). It’s not a big deal though.
Asteroids have been common these days in our solar system and dealing with them is part of almost every day routine. Set course towards
the asteroid(puzzle on getting coordinates correctly). As the pod approaches the asteroid, its shape appears to be a disc, too perfect
to be anything but artificial. As the pod closes in you try to contact base
Contacting base is tricky since the transmitter appears to have problems again. You try again to contact and you succeed,
but by now the pod is pulled with great force towards the unidentified ship. The ship seems to have a tractor beam of
some sort which pulls the pod closer to it. (puzzle trying to break the tractor beam). It becomes quickly clear that
the force moving the pod closer to the ship is gravitational. But how can such a small object have such gravitational force?
The hero tries to turn the gravitational force into centrifugal to make the pod orbit around the ship (puzzle).
The pod is now orbiting around the ship. The base is advising the hero to look around and collect clues. At some point
he finds an air-lock. After he has found everything there is to find around the ship he has to synchronize the orbit of
the pod with the orbit of the ship around itself (puzzle) in order to investigate the airlock. With the clues found around
the space ship he must figure out how the airlock opens (puzzle) but first he must try to dock (puzzle). Docking procedure
is completed and now he enters the ship. Gravity appears to be reversed and only a percentage of G. Maybe around 50%.
So even though the ship is massive enough to pull the pod close, it’s rotational speed creates a bigger centrifugal force
than its own gravity. So why is the object orbiting around itself to create antigravity?

Oxygen levels appear to be a little lower than on earth according to the readings but still the place seems habitable.
No harmful gases. He takes his helmet off. The place is pitch black, except for a light coming out of his pocket.
He searches the pocket (inventory comes up) and finds that his torchlight has been on and its light has started to wane.
Regardless he takes it out of the pocket, the place is lit up and our hero is in a small room with a strange mechanical
feature and an opening on the far side wall along with strange heavy looking artefacts (maybe even some gear or a weapon
or somethings that upgrade your skillset if we are going down that road. Maybe along the way he finds some writings or
murals which will help him fend off parasites. Nothing too complex just something that one ups battle skill or something).
Decides to explore. Stuff is mostly useless (or not) but once he touches the strange machine it becomes illuminated and he
decides to switch off the torchlight to save energy. The only light in the room now is that of the machine. He has to make
sense of it (puzzle maybe from clues around the room). Once the puzzle is solved the whole ship seems to be illuminated with
white light and the machine seems to produce some kind of map, possibly part of the ship. He continues his search through
the opening on the wall and finds himself in another room.
This room is filled with splendid light.


-repairing ok
-discovery and docking ok
-first room ok
-second room:  cleaning staff robots, at first one attacks you to “clean” you but you destroy it,
another one comes and tries to clean it up. You decide to hide or fight. Fighting levels up your fighting
skill but lowers your health bar and stamina bar. You need to find a clue in every room
-third room : ice on the floor, earth on the ceiling.
-maybe fourth breeding chamber: big humanoid embryo’s waking up, you struggle to get away, trying to find a way to unlock last door
-fifth room. Somehow when you enter, the ship stops slowly to orbit and there is no gravity for a moment.
But by the time the ship stops orbiting entirely, you find that what used to be the ceiling is now the ground.
Then it dawns on you, the ice which you found...
boss level alien, tried to live with its family and breed the aliens in order to make food. After a brutal fight with the alien,
it’s killed and you are left unconscious, the ship is sent with the speed of light outside the solar system.  After you don’t know
how long you wake up and you must try to find a way back. But first, you have to satisfy your hunger…
